README.md, before:

# [Oppia](https://www.oppia.org) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/oppia/oppia.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/oppia/oppia) [![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/github/oppia/oppia/coverage.svg?branch=develop)](https://codecov.io/github/oppia/oppia/?branch=develop) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Oppia is an online learning tool that enables anyone to easily create and share interactive activities (called 'explorations'). These activities simulate a one-on-one conversation with a tutor, making it possible for students to learn by doing and get feedback.

Oppia is written using Python and AngularJS, and is built on top of Google App Engine.

  * [Oppia.org community site](https://www.oppia.org)
  * [Documentation](https://oppia.github.io/)
  * [Contributors' wiki](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki)
  * [Developer mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia-dev)
  * [File an issue](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/issues/new?title=Describe%20your%20feature%20request%20or%20bug%20report%20succinctly&body=If%20you%27d%20like%20to%20propose%20a%20feature,%20describe%20what%20you%27d%20like%20to%20see.%20Mock%20ups%20would%20be%20great!%0A%0AIf%20you%27re%20reporting%20a%20bug,%20please%20be%20sure%20to%20include%20the%20expected%20behaviour,%20the%20observed%20behaviour,%20and%20steps%20to%20reproduce%20the%20problem.%20Console%20copy-pastes%20and%20any%20background%20on%20the%20environment%20would%20also%20be%20helpful.%0A%0AThanks!)

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ntcw0H0hwPU" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8845039/16814722/b219cac0-4954-11e6-9573-c37557d1b410.png">
  </a>
</p>

## Installation

Please refer to the [developer wiki](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki) for full installation instructions. This is just a short summary for developers who would like to contribute:

1. Create a new, empty folder called `opensource/` within your home folder. Navigate to it (`cd opensource`), then [fork and clone](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the Oppia repo. This will create a new folder named `opensource/oppia`.

2. Navigate to `opensource/oppia/` and run:

  ```
    git checkout develop
    bash scripts/start.sh
  ```

3. To run tests:

  ```
    bash scripts/run_tests.sh
  ```


## Contributing

The Oppia project is built by the community for the community. We welcome contributions from everyone, especially new contributors.

You can help with Oppia's development in many ways, including art, coding, design and documentation.
  * **Developers**: please see [this wiki page](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki/Contributing-code-to-Oppia#setting-things-up) for instructions on how to set things up and commit changes.
  * **All other contributors**: please see our [general contributor guidelines](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki).


## Support

If you have any feature requests or bug reports, please log them on our [issue tracker](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/issues/new?title=Describe%20your%20feature%20request%20or%20bug%20report%20succinctly&body=If%20you%27d%20like%20to%20propose%20a%20feature,%20describe%20what%20you%27d%20like%20to%20see.%20Mock%20ups%20would%20be%20great!%0A%0AIf%20you%27re%20reporting%20a%20bug,%20please%20be%20sure%20to%20include%20the%20expected%20behaviour,%20the%20observed%20behaviour,%20and%20steps%20to%20reproduce%20the%20problem.%20Console%20copy-pastes%20and%20any%20background%20on%20the%20environment%20would%20also%20be%20helpful.%0A%0AThanks!).

Please report security issues directly to admin@oppia.org.


## License

The Oppia code is released under the [Apache v2 license](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/blob/master/LICENSE).


## Keeping in touch

  * [Blog](https://medium.com/oppia-org)
  * [Discussion forum](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia)
  * [Announcements mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia-announce)
  * Social media: [G+](https://plus.google.com/109898456505810251700/about), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5c1G7BNDCfv1rczcBp9FPw), [FB](https://www.facebook.com/oppiaorg), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/oppiaorg)

We also have public chat rooms on Gitter: [https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat](https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat) and the #oppia channel on Freenode IRC. Drop by and say hello!

Commit message:

Update readme (#4885)
* Update README.

* Update README.

* Add link to fractions lessons.

README.md, after:

# [Oppia](https://www.oppia.org) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/oppia/oppia.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/oppia/oppia) [![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/github/oppia/oppia/coverage.svg?branch=develop)](https://codecov.io/github/oppia/oppia/?branch=develop) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Oppia is an online learning tool that enables anyone to easily create and share interactive activities (called 'explorations'). These activities simulate a one-on-one conversation with a tutor, making it possible for students to learn by doing and get feedback.

In addition to developing the Oppia platform, the team is also developing and piloting a set of free and effective [lessons](https://www.oppia.org/fractions) on basic mathematics. These lessons are targeted at learners who lack access to educational resources.

Oppia is written using Python and AngularJS, and is built on top of Google App Engine.

  * [Oppia.org community site](https://www.oppia.org)
  * [Documentation](https://oppia.github.io/)
  * [Contributors' wiki](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki)
  * [Developer mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia-dev)
  * [File an issue](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/issues/new?title=Describe%20your%20feature%20request%20or%20bug%20report%20succinctly&body=If%20you%27d%20like%20to%20propose%20a%20feature,%20describe%20what%20you%27d%20like%20to%20see.%20Mock%20ups%20would%20be%20great!%0A%0AIf%20you%27re%20reporting%20a%20bug,%20please%20be%20sure%20to%20include%20the%20expected%20behaviour,%20the%20observed%20behaviour,%20and%20steps%20to%20reproduce%20the%20problem.%20Console%20copy-pastes%20and%20any%20background%20on%20the%20environment%20would%20also%20be%20helpful.%0A%0AThanks!)

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ntcw0H0hwPU" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8845039/16814722/b219cac0-4954-11e6-9573-c37557d1b410.png">
  </a>
</p>

## Installation

Please refer to the [developer wiki](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki) for full installation instructions. This is just a short summary for developers who would like to contribute:

1. Create a new, empty folder called `opensource/` within your home folder. Navigate to it (`cd opensource`), then [fork and clone](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the Oppia repo. This will create a new folder named `opensource/oppia`.

2. Navigate to `opensource/oppia/` and run:

  ```
    git checkout develop
    bash scripts/start.sh
  ```

3. To run tests:

  ```
    bash scripts/run_tests.sh
  ```


## Contributing

The Oppia project is built by the community for the community. We welcome contributions from everyone, especially new contributors.

You can help with Oppia's development in many ways, including art, coding, design and documentation.
  * **Developers**: please see [this wiki page](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki/Contributing-code-to-Oppia#setting-things-up) for instructions on how to set things up and commit changes.
  * **All other contributors**: please see our [general contributor guidelines](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki).


## Support

If you have any feature requests or bug reports, please log them on our [issue tracker](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/issues/new?title=Describe%20your%20feature%20request%20or%20bug%20report%20succinctly&body=If%20you%27d%20like%20to%20propose%20a%20feature,%20describe%20what%20you%27d%20like%20to%20see.%20Mock%20ups%20would%20be%20great!%0A%0AIf%20you%27re%20reporting%20a%20bug,%20please%20be%20sure%20to%20include%20the%20expected%20behaviour,%20the%20observed%20behaviour,%20and%20steps%20to%20reproduce%20the%20problem.%20Console%20copy-pastes%20and%20any%20background%20on%20the%20environment%20would%20also%20be%20helpful.%0A%0AThanks!).

Please report security issues directly to admin@oppia.org.


## License

The Oppia code is released under the [Apache v2 license](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/blob/master/LICENSE).


## Keeping in touch

  * [Blog](https://medium.com/oppia-org)
  * [Discussion forum](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia)
  * [Announcements mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/oppia-announce)
  * Social media: [G+](https://plus.google.com/109898456505810251700/about), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5c1G7BNDCfv1rczcBp9FPw), [FB](https://www.facebook.com/oppiaorg), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/oppiaorg)

We also have public chat rooms on Gitter: [https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat](https://gitter.im/oppia/oppia-chat) and the #oppia channel on Freenode IRC. Drop by and say hello!
